metrics: Decouple endpoint_propagation_delay_seconds metric (#18635)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/metrics.rst

``endpoint_regenerations_total``             ``outcome``                                        Count of all endpoint regenerations that have completed
``endpoint_regeneration_time_stats_seconds`` ``scope``                                          Endpoint regeneration time stats
``endpoint_state``                           ``state``                                          Count of all endpoints

> ``endpoint_propagation_delay_seconds``                                                          The create/update endpoint roundtrip propagation delay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``endpoint_propagation_delay_seconds``                                                          Round trip propagation delay for the creation or update of the endpoint
```
(Then you can remove `roundtrip` from the spelling file.)
